Python build instructions (#18)
SCIInstitute/scirun.pages: python.md

```
import matlab.engine
print('matlab imported')
eng =  matlab.engine.start_matlab() if (not 'eng' in vars()) else eng
```
This will allow the same matlab engine instance to be called with `eng`.  *Note: using the [Matlab code block](#matlab-code-block) does not require this code in the top-level tab.*

## Installing packages
* If there is an installation of the packages with other python builds on the machine, the system path can be used to use those packages.  This is likely the easiest way to use python packages in SCIRun, and will also likely to be easiest to maintain.  However, to use packages from another Python build, the Python versions will need to match.  Once the packages are installed, use the SCIRun triggered events to modify the python path to include these packages.*

### Installing Python to maintain Python packages.

> The main advantage of doing this step is that a seperate Python will likely have pip or multiple packages already installed, unlike the SCIRun Python distribution (we are working on it).  Most distributions will likely work; some operating systems come with a python distribution that may work, yet it may be an outdated version. [Anaconda](https://www.anaconda.com/distribution/#download-section) is a good choice because most of the commonly used packages will be installed when it is installed.  However, the cleanest option will likely be installing [Python's own distribution](https://www.python.org/downloads/), then to install the packages that you want to use.  The both these distributions should come with pip installed, which makes it easy to install most common packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main advantage of doing this step is that a seperate Python will likely have pip or multiple packages already installed, unlike the SCIRun Python distribution (we are working on it).  Most distributions will likely work; some operating systems come with a python distribution that may work, yet it may be an outdated version. [Anaconda](https://www.anaconda.com/distribution/#download-section) is a good choice because most of the commonly used packages will be installed when it is installed.  However, the cleanest option will likely be installing [Python's own distribution](https://www.python.org/downloads/), then to install the packages that you want to use.  Both of these distributions should come with pip installed, which makes it easy to install most common packages.
```

> **Make sure the python versions of the seperate Python installation matches the version that SCIRun is using.** To check the Python version in SCIRun, simply open the Python Console, it show print the version in the initialization method.  You can also get the version when running on the command line by using the `-v` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Make sure the python versions of the separate Python installation matches the version that SCIRun is using.** To check the Python version in SCIRun, simply open the Python Console, it will print the version upon initialization.  You can also get the version when running on the command line by using the `-v` flag.
```
